Add cerbos compile-store command (#3251)
cerbos/cerbos: .changelog/20260625_1455.txt

type:feature
Add cerbos compile-store command

> Pass the Cerbos configuration file as an argument to compile policies in the store. Add `--disable-invalid` flag to automatically disable any invalid policies on database stores, even when the Cerbos PDP cannot start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds ability to use the PDP configuration file and directly compile the contents of the configured policy store. This is useful for diagnosing issues with stores that are not stored on disk storage such as `blob` and `database` stores. With the optional `--disable-invalid` flag, it's possible to automatically disable invalid policies on database stores as well.   
```
